Enterprise Nav: `AppHeader` web docs (#2239)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/app-header/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

## Usage

### When to use

- Provide consistent global navigation across an application.
- Offer quick access to important utilities such as user settings, help, and search.
- Establish a clear visual hierarchy and brand presence at the top of the application.

### When not to use

- To navigate within subpages of an organization or project; instead, use the [Side Nav](/components/side-nav).

> ### Navigation hierarchy

Reviewer: I think this should be an H2?

```suggestion
## Navigation hierarchy
```

Reviewer 2: Yep, probably, good catch

The App Header provides consistent navigation between global application areas, such as organizations and projects, while facilitating easy access to utilities like support and user settings.

In the hierarchy of navigational elements, the App Header sits at the top and is followed by:

- The [Side Nav](/components/side-nav), which focuses on contextual pages and subpages within a project or organization.
- The [App Footer](/components/app-footer), which focuses on non-essential metadata and general links.

![Example of the hierarchy of navigation elements](/assets/components/app-header/app-header-hierarchy.png)

## Global navigation

### Home link

The home Link gives users quick, consistent access to the application's home page or dashboard.

> For cloud products, the icon should always be `hcp`. For standalone or open-source products, it should be the product’s service icon (e.g. `terraform`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For cloud products, the icon should always be `hcp`. For standalone or open-source products, it should be the product’s service icon, e.g., `terraform`.
```

![Examples of the Home link using different logos](/assets/components/app-header/app-header-home-link.png)

### Context switcher

> The context switcher allows users to switch between different global contexts within the product or application, such as navigating between different organizations or projects. This element only exists in Figma. For implementation in code, use the HDS [Dropdown](/components/dropdown) or, if necessary, create your own custom component styled after the Dropdown.

Reviewer: > This element only exists in Figma. For implementation in code, use the HDS [Dropdown](/components/dropdown) or, if necessary, create your own custom component styled after the Dropdown.

Should this be within an info banner since it's separate from the actual guideline?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, that seems to make more sense hierarchically

![Context switcher within the App Header](/assets/components/app-header/app-header-context-switcher.png)

## Utility navigation

### Help dropdown

Use the help dropdown to provide users with access to support and helpful resources that can be easily accessible from anywhere within the application, e.g., links to the help center, documentation, or tutorials.

Avoid placing non-help-related links within the help dropdown menu.

![Help dropdown in the App Header](/assets/components/app-header/app-header-help-dropdown.png)

### User dropdown

The user dropdown gives users quick and easy access to their settings and preferences. The menu should contain links or actions related to the user's profile, settings, and/or preferences.

Avoid placing links to unrelated pages within the user dropdown menu.

> ![User dropdown in the App Header](/assets/components/app-header/app-header-user-dropdown.png)

Reviewer: The text "Signed in with Github" and the username are using the incorrect list item types. The HDS recommended version looks like this: 

<img width="215" alt="Screenshot 2024-07-15 at 5 35 56 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e887164d-8530-4673-b7f1-8c7a9bc90370">

Reviewer 2: fixed this

![Context switcher within the App Header](/assets/components/app-header/app-header-context-switcher.png)

!!! Info

This element only exists in Figma. For implementation in code, use the HDS [Dropdown](/components/dropdown) or, if necessary, create your own custom component styled after the Dropdown.
!!!

## Utility navigation

### Help dropdown

Use the help dropdown to provide users with access to support and helpful resources that can be easily accessible from anywhere within the application, e.g., links to the help center, documentation, or tutorials.

Avoid placing non-help-related links within the help dropdown menu.

![Help dropdown in the App Header](/assets/components/app-header/app-header-help-dropdown.png)

### User dropdown

The user dropdown gives users quick and easy access to their settings and preferences. The menu should contain links or actions related to the user's profile, settings, and/or preferences.

Avoid placing links to unrelated pages within the user dropdown menu.

![User dropdown in the App Header](/assets/components/app-header/app-header-user-dropdown.png)

### Search

> Search within the App Header is triggered by a standard HDS [Button](/components/button) themed to match the App Header’s styles. The application teams are responsible for building search capabilities themselves.

Reviewer 3: Should we find a way to tell people that the search is an optional thing?
```suggestion
Search within the App Header is triggered by a standard HDS [Button](/components/button) themed to match the App Header’s styles. The application teams are responsible for building search capabilities themselves, if and when needed.
```

![Search in the App Header](/assets/components/app-header/app-header-search.png)

## Sizes

> The App Header supports basic responsive behavior out of the box with a single breakpoint at 1088px. The Figma component offers two variants:

Reviewer 3: Here we're referring to the Ember component
```suggestion
The `Hds::AppHeader` component supports basic responsive behavior out of the box with a single breakpoint at 1088px. The Figma component offers two variants:
```

- `Large`: applicable for most desktop-sized viewports with a minimum width of 1088px.
- `Small`: applicable for most mobile and some tablet-sized viewports with a maximum width of 1088px.

![Large size of the App Header](/assets/components/app-header/app-header-size-large.png)

![Small size of the App Header](/assets/components/app-header/app-header-size-small.png)

## Menu

In the Ember component, the controls (context switcher, help/user dropdown, etc) contained within the App Header will collapse automatically into a vertical menu that can be toggled open and closed with the Menu button.

In Figma, we publish a separate Menu component for UIs and prototypes for smaller viewports.

![Example of the App Header menu at smaller viewports](/assets/components/app-header/app-header-menu.png)

### Responsive characteristics

> By default (and if used within the App Frame), the App Header will occupy 100% of the viewport width. As the viewport width condenses, the components' controls will collapse into a menu that can be toggled open/closed with the menu button (shown conditionally based on the viewport width).

Reviewer 3: Here we're referring to the Ember components, should we use the corresponding terms then? 

(this is a classic example why I think having different "Side Nav/App Header" and `SideNav/AppHeader` is not really beneficial, but that's a personal opinion)

Author: It's difficult to remember to add/not add a space within component names in different contexts.

> At smaller viewports, the menu containing the App Header controls will occupy 100% of the viewport height and prevent scrolling content on the main page.

Reviewer 3: Again, this is for the component in code, so it should be 
```suggestion
At smaller viewports, the menu containing the `AppHeader` controls will occupy 100% of the viewport height and prevent scrolling content on the main page.
```

## Usage in the App Frame

> The App Header is intended to be used within the [App Frame](/layouts/app-frame) component (only supported in code), where a location is reserved for the component out of the box.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `AppHeader` is intended to be used within the [`AppFrame`](/layouts/app-frame) component (only supported in code), where a location is reserved for the component out of the box.
```

> If you intend to use the App Header without the App Frame, contact the HDS team for assistance and guidance on implementation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you intend to use the `AppHeader` without the `AppFrame`, contact the HDS team for assistance and guidance on implementation.
```
